Terminal - both Terminal and Run Command now use colors and font from prefs (#946)
mucommander/mucommander: package/readme.txt

- When opening a result of a file search with text search using the internal viewer/editor, the caret is set on the first occurrence of the searched text.
- The action categoties that are displayed in the shortcuts preferences tab are sorted by their name.
- The row-filtering in the shortucts preferences tab now matches the specified input also against the tooltip of the row (the action's description).

> - Theme Preferences for Shell renamed to Terminal and now both Terminal and Run Command use right colors and font

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
- Theme preferences for Shell renamed to Terminal and now both the Terminal and Run Command dialog use configured colors and font
```
